My husband did not recognize me for three days.
It was a very dark time.
We went to BSCC Bible School for Christian Couples in January of 2014.
It definitely helped prepare us for everything that would come our way.
The good and the bad.
We were assigned to Jackson, Alabama.
It was a great assignment.
But then a very short time we were asked to apply for LDC.
We traveled quite a bit, looking at different assembly halls.
And then the focus went more toward Keenem halls.
Each field rep couple was assigned a state.
And we were assigned the state of Louisiana.
On a Sunday night we had been invited to a dinner party.
Just a normal went to bed at night.
We basically woke up to a stroke.
I walked over to him and I could see that something was wrong.
And so I called 911.
Once they assessed him, they brought me in, told me that they needed to life light him
to a larger hospital in New Orleans.
Thankfully, though, they said if you're going to have a stroke,
this was the kind you'd want to have because it is fully recoverable.
We made adjustments.
We adapted so that we could continue in the assignment.
Well, he went from being a wheelchair to being on a walker.
And then later he started using a cane.
And then now he walks without assistance.
It's not a pretty walk, but we're working on that.
She really has a durability that I think excels just the way that she,
no matter what situation, how stressful the circumstances may be.
She understands it's necessary for her to continue forward.